Added WindCORES to the list (#35)
nglgzz/awesome-clean-tech: README.md

  Manufacturer, seller, installer, and servicer of wind turbines. As of 2019 Vestas has installed over 66,000 wind turbines for a capacity of 100 GW in over 80 countries on five continents.

- [WindCORES](https://www.windcores.de/en/homepage/) | Germany | 2018

>   A subsidiary of Westfalenwind, a German wind energy developer. They host servers inside wind turbines, bringing the consumer of electricity closer to the producer.

Reviewer: It took me a bit to realize what they actually do until I came across the term data center provider, so I think it would be a good idea to add it to the description.

```suggestion
  A subsidiary of Westfalenwind, a German wind energy developer. They are a data center provider that hosts servers inside wind turbines, bringing the consumer of electricity closer to the producer.
```
